-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to install the eksctl CLI.
So on your MacBook, if already Home Brew is installed,
then ignore this step.
So let's go ahead and then tap the weavework, tap here.
So the next thing is install the weavework's Home Brew,
tap eksctl binary.
So it's already downloaded in my cache
so the installation is pretty quick.
So let me verify the version. Yeah, good.
So we have completed the eksctl installation on our Mac.
So if you want to install on Windows,
you can follow the respect to documentation
and then install it on the respective operating system.
Either it is Linux or Windows.
So in our next lecture,
we'll focus on creating the EKS cluster.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.